Are you and I killing him again?
I told you to kill the car!
I'm in a hurry!
This kills the car again!
Don't refuse, don't refuse!
Why?
You must never kill him!
I checked everything when I released it! That’s right!
Don’t you believe that he is a man with mental illness?
What I said makes sense as a big man.
This kid is really abnormal!
Can't believe it!
Didn’t you just exchange this for killing the car?
I really am not everything, I don’t think I understand it!
I'm sorry! I'm sorry. I'm sorry for doing this!
That day someone else this morning!
I really didn’t lie to you!
There is a yellow twin under Xinli that is very heavy!
It must be a bomb.
Is it the innermost one?
The yellow one is in the box with the password
That's the box
The bomb must be inside
Is there any bomb in there?
If it's not a bomb, what is it inside?
Who is who is me? That’s it.
No matter what you are
Anyway, it won’t be over without bombs, right?
Then do you dare to open it?
Let everyone see
Why should the man in charge of the box open it for you? It's dangerous.
Everyone, get out of the car quickly
Stay away, your mouth is getting off